Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial.
In the previous video we finally allowed our API for image classification and in this video we can create
the first adjacent object that we are going to send to the model and receive some predictions back.
So the first thing that we have to do is to randomly select an image from our test set to send it to
a API pride random image is equal to MP dot random dot brand I and D to get a random integer.
And if you haven't worked with this function before it takes lo number and high number and in January
to number between those two.
So for us set low to zero and high set it to land on X test because we want an image from the test set
and let's write random image below to print it out.
Now did we have an index for a random image.
We can easily use it to create our Jason object if you don't know what the Jason object is.
It is a glorified python dictionary that is sent over the Internet with it.
We can send any information to a server and receive any information from it let's start with this data
is equal to Jason dumps.
This function takes a Python dictionary it creates a Jason object from it so let's provide byte condition
there is to it.
The first key of our python dictionary is signature name.
This is just a tag for tens of flow serving the value for this key is also string serving default.
This key value pair is something that we have to provide is a default configuration for our tensor flow
serving library.
The next thing that we have to provide is an image itself for the key set a string instances.
And for the value of this key we need to provide list of images that we are going to send to a server
inside brackets right.
X test.
And for index use a random image index and complete this statement by using do list function on it.
This is done because of the way that data is sent over the Internet.
We cannot send no objects or arrays over the Internet only native title lists.
Let us print out to see what we have there.
As you can see we have the first default pair for our denser flow serving and then we have our image
as a value for instance is key in the next video we are going to send the first post request to the
model for now.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section otherwise I'll see in
the next tutorial.